\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename readme.info
@settitle Perl IPC::Locker Installation
@c %**end of header

@c DESCRIPTION: TexInfo: DOCUMENT source run through texinfo to produce README file
@c Use 'make README' to produce the output file
@c Before release, run C-u C-c C-u C-a (texinfo-all-menus-update)

@node Top, Copyright, (dir), (dir)
@chapter IPC::Locker

This is the IPC::Locker Perl Package.

@menu
* Copyright::                   
* Description::                 
* Obtaining Distribution::      
* Supported Systems::           
* Installation::                
@end menu

@node Copyright, Description, Top, Top
@section Copyright

This package is Copyright 1999-2003 by Wilson Snyder @email{wsnyder@@wsnyder.org}.

You may distribute under the terms of either the GNU General Public License
or the Perl Artistic License, as specified in the Perl README file.

This code is provided with no warranty of any kind, and is used entirely at
your own risk.

@node Description, Obtaining Distribution, Copyright, Top
@section Description

This package provides a server for locks and a package for clients to access
that server.  The result is that clients can access named locks on a Internet
wide bases, solving critical section problems without the mess of NFS or other
file locking techniques.

For example:

@example
  my $lock = IPC::Locker->lock(host=>'example.std.com');
  ... Critical section ...
  $lock->unlock();
@end example

See @samp{man IPC::Locker} after installation.

@node Obtaining Distribution, Supported Systems, Description, Top
@section Obtaining Distribution

The latest version is available at 
@uref{http://www.perl.org/CPAN/}

Download the latest package from that site, and decompress.
@samp{gunzip IPC::Locker_version.tar.gz ; tar xvf IPC::Locker_version.tar}

@node Supported Systems, Installation, Obtaining Distribution, Top
@section Supported Systems

This version of IPC::Locker has been built and tested on:

@itemize @bullet
@item i386-linux
@item sparc-sun-solaris2.7
@end itemize

It should run on any system with perl and TCP/IP socketing.

@node Installation,  , Supported Systems, Top
@section Installation

@enumerate
@item
@code{cd} to the directory containing this README notice.

@item
Type @samp{perl Makefile.PL} to configure IPC::Locker for your system.

@item
Type @samp{make} to compile IPC::Locker.

@item
Type @samp{make test} to check the compilation.

@item
Type @samp{make install} to install the programs and any data files and
documentation.

@item
You may wish to install @samp{lockerd} in a init.rc file so that it is run at
system startup.  An example for Linux is in init.d/lockerd.

@end enumerate


